Mr. Lu, why are we avoiding him?
Just a Song Yuchuan
Without Tang's, without your support.
You can't climb to the position of the best actor at all
He thought it was his own effort
It's ridiculous
He is the person chosen by Yaoyao
Miss Tang is in danger
He just showed up now
You threw out 1 billion overseas orders
Private jet arrives in Jingzhou
Came non-stop to clean up the aftermath
You said this Assistant Chen
Are you free?
Such a serious car accident
He's still alive?
Tang Yao, you are really lucky
Then don't blame me.
Blame Tang Zhengchu
Gave you the only inheritance
Then what am I?
I am the best actor
A hundred times stronger than you
Pang Zhengchu never trusted you, and neither did you
People never see it clearly
I'm not stupid now.
See how long you can live
Yaoyao, you are awake
Thirsty or not, do you have any other feelings?
Yuchen, I'm here.
You've been taking care of me
Of course I'm your husband
Definitely have to take care of you
If it weren't for the old man's inheritance
Who cares if our children are gone?
Yaoyao, I won't blame you.
Neither will dad
Dad, how is he?
Is Dad in the next ward?
Yaoyao
Your dad
Not in the next ward